Describe sensuctl TLS options (#1148)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.2/sensuctl/reference.md

You can use global flags with most sensuctl commands.

{{< highlight shell >}}
--api-url string             host URL of Sensu installation
--cache-dir string           path to directory containing cache & temporary files
--config-dir string          path to directory containing configuration files
--insecure-skip-tls-verify   skip TLS certificate verification (not recommended!)
--namespace string           namespace in which we perform actions
--trusted-ca-file string     TLS CA certificate bundle in PEM format
{{< /highlight >}}

> Additionally, these flags can be set permanently by editing `$HOME/.config/sensu/sensuctl/{cluster.json, profile.json}`.

Author: ```suggestion
These flags can be set permanently by editing the files in `$HOME/.config/sensu/sensuctl`.
```
